SPANISH Hi, welcome to the community team.
SPANISH I'm Tracy, and I'm the Community Services
SPANISH Manager, and this is our community team.
This is Caroline.
SPANISH She's one of our healthcare assistants,
SPANISH and she might come
SPANISH and support you at home.
SPANISH Further along, we've got Gill.
SPANISH She's today working
SPANISH on our telephone triage.
SPANISH So if you've got an inquiry or a concern
SPANISH about someone that's important to you,
SPANISH you may be phoning up and speaking
SPANISH to someone like Gill or one of her
SPANISH colleagues, such as Kate,
SPANISH who's sitting behind me.
SPANISH Sitting to the right of me is Kevin.
SPANISH He's getting ready to go out on visits.
SPANISH He's going out to see someone at home
to help support their physical symptoms
SPANISH and their emotional well-being.
SPANISH When you're ready,
SPANISH lease feel free to move on.